Update ways-to-contribute.md (#40)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/community/contribute/ways-to-contribute.md

### Documentation

Filecoin is a huge project and undertaking, and with lots of code comes the need for lots of good documentation! However, we need a lot more help to write the awesome docs the project needs. If writing technical documentation is your area, we’d absolutely love your help!

Before contributing to the Filecoin docs, please read these quick guides; they'll save you time and help keep the docs accurate and consistent!

1. [Style and formatting guide](/community/contribute/grammar-formatting-and-style/)
2. [Writing guide](/community/contribute/writing-guide/)

If you have never contributed to an open-source project before, or just need a refresher, take a look at the [contribution tutorial](/community/contribute/contribution-tutorial/).

### Community

If interacting with people is your favorite thing to do in this world, join the [Filecoin chat and discussion forums](community/chat-and-discussion-forums/) to say hello, meet others who share your goals, and connect with other members of the community.

### Build Applications

> Filecoin is designed for others to integrate your own applications and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filecoin is designed for you to integrate into your own applications and services.
```
